# Google Pay

Google Pay is a mobile payment system developed by google. It was previously named as Tez. It was initially released on September 18, 2017 and was rebranded to Google Pay on August 28, 2018. Google Pay enable users to make online transactions using their smartphones, tablets and smartwatches. It supports multiple languages, thus, making things simpler for the user. After, installing and setting up the account, users are required to link it, to their mobile number. Then, user needs to provide their bank account details after which user is asked to create unique pin, known as, UPI PIN. This pin is required every time the user proceeds to payment. Next, an UPI ID is created, and it gets linked to the google account. This, UPI ID is used as a proxy for account details of the recipient, hence making it easier to transfer money.  Apart from UPI ID, QR code is generated and is unique for all individuals. This code can be scanned followed by entering the amount to be sent. This application has two-level security shield; a touch ID and a 4-digit pin code.
I am using this application from last 5 months and, I am, highly impressed by its User Interface. It has replaced cash transactions by online payments that are just a click away. There is a referral code from which our friends and we can benefit. We can send this referral code and ask our friends to install Google Pay using this code. On installing, both, us and our friends would be rewarded with gift cards. While, other applications require users to reload their wallet before making payments, this application enables users to transfer money directly from their bank accounts. There is no extra charge for transactions, irrespective of other platforms that deduct some amount while transferring money to other bank accounts. Moreover, creation of an UPI ID makes all transactions safe. Applications like this, should be promoted to enhance digital and cashless transactions.
By implementing Unified Payments Interface, Google Pay has become very powerful and safe to use. It enables users to make payments without exchanging any confidential information. It makes use of phone’s contact information, thereby reducing the task of entering complicated bank details. Also, it offers many rewards to both sender and receiver on committing transactions. The UI is built very intelligently making it easy for users. 
This application provides high security as it requires fingerprint and pin to complete transactions. It is one of the fastest modes of transferring money without going to banks. It uses UPI technology and scans QR code, thus, making more reliable. It supports bill payments, recharging mobile phones. On the other hand, Google pay has certain limitations; we cannot make more than 20 transactions per day. I would like to improvise on this by eliminating this limitation. I would appreciate it more if it was possible to integrate Google Pay with other shopping application etc. Also, it would be better if it could show the account balance upfront on the screen itself, thereby, saving the time and efforts of the user. I would also like to implement a shortcut feature that would allow users to switch between accounts, if, they link multiple accounts.

# Microsoft To-Do
Microsoft To-Do is an easy and intelligent management application that makes it simple to plan day to day activities. It is one of the latest applications developed by Microsoft and is also included in Office 365. To-Do list is very helpful in offices, for travel itinerary and home activities. It is compatible with both android and IOS devices. It is cumbersome task to remember and manage daily work routine. Microsoft To-Do helps reduce stress and enhance productivity by sending reminders of upcoming events and deadlines. We can create To-Do lists for everything, we can set due dates for assignments and projects. It will send reminders as we reach closer to the submission date. Second most important feature of To-Do is, “My Day” tab, suppose there’s an important meeting scheduled later in the day, we can set a reminder, it will notify us before the meeting. In other words, it prioritizes To-Do list daily.
I am using this application from a long time, it is a great stress buster when submission dates are nearer. It is very simple to use, by just clicking on the bulb icon in top right corner we can start planning our day. After adding a task, we double click on it to set a reminder or add extra notes to it.  I usually put all my tasks and their deadlines in the To-Do list. It encourages by creating fresh To-Do list of tasks daily. We can also assign emoticons to tasks that could easily tell them apart. It is easy to sync To-Do list across different devices. We can have a list for work tasks and another for home tasks, all put together at one place. We can customize the lists by changing colors, background pictures and theme that would help differentiate between them. One interesting feature of Microsoft To-Do is that, when we complete a desired task we can simply strike it off by ticking on it. It works like a digital dairy which helps to plan the day systematically. 
Microsoft To-Do is an application that manages task and set reminders to reduce stress, and thereby, increase productivity. Microsoft to-do has introduced a new feature that enable users to collaborate on common tasks and projects and achieve their goals more quickly. Users can either share a list of work tasks with their group members or share a list of home items to be brought, with their family. To-do list makes it effortless to team up and get things done together. Users can break down complex projects and tasks into easy steps. Adding step is easy: simple tap on your list, add a task and name it. 
Microsoft To- Do has many advantages, it is an efficient task management application. It is easy to use and has an intuitive interface. Microsoft To-Do is integrated with Outlook tasks, so it is secure and reliable. It helps user to organize their tasks and smart suggestions help them to classify between most and least important tasks. The tasks are prioritized on daily basis, thereby updating the list with most important tasks first. It sets task reminder for users which reduces stress and increases productivity. Because of these reasons, it is reliable and user-friendly application. In short, Microsoft to do is an effective task manager with simple and user-friendly design, suggested for daily routine.
Along with strength, comes certain weakness. Each category can be customized with different theme and color, but the number of customization alternatives are limited. To-Do cannot be integrated with any other application, thus, making it less scalable. The User Interface is simple to use but not the best, it could get better. Sometimes, the application does not push reminders on time and, is generally troublesome to use. This application could be improved by adding more variations to theme and background picture. Apart from Outlook, other applications should also be integrated with it, thus making it more convenient and efficient to accomplish task. 

